The authors present a part assembly method that uses a set of obstacle
courses (i.e. factory) to guide the constituent parts under the
influence of a global force field. The method is suitable for 2D
assembly of milli and micro scale parts which can be controlled with a
global force such as a magnetic field. The contributions of the paper
are the formalization of the factory design process through algorithms
and analysis of the complexity of these algorithms and the factory
layout. Overall, the subject is very interesting and covered to a
satisfactory depth with a demonstration in the macro scale as well as
an example for the implementation of the method in the micro-scale. The
significance of the paper lies in its potential applicability to
micro-assembly problems as an alternative to other methods such as
multi-scale robotic micro-assembly and cell manipulation. 

The title of the paper suggests that the proposed method is a "parallel
self-assembly" technique. It is stated in the paper that the process
adds one particle at a time to the assembly which is inherently a
serial process. However, the very nature of the factory layout allows
construction of multiple assemblies at the same time. Therefore, the
method is a combination of serial and parallel processes and it would
be nice to identify where the efficiency of this method stands with
respect to a purely serial and purely parallel process. Also, what
aspect of this method qualifies it as a self-assembly process is left
unmentioned. Therefore, the authors should consider adding some
discussion about it.

The presentation of the material can be improved by
- Properly cross referencing each and every figure (e.g. Fig. 1) and
algorithm, and providing sufficient amount of explanation for each.
- Defining terms like "4-connected polyomino" and "8-connected
freespace" before using them for those readers who are not familiar
with polyominos.
- Revising sections which do not connect with or relate to the rest of
the discussion such as:
"In this paper, we seek to combine the use of microscale hybrid
organic/inorganic actuators along with novel swarm control algorithms
for mask free programmable patterning and micro-assembly."
- Shortening the discussion in V-A on the details of the macro-scale
prototype. That prototype illustrates the idea very well but its
construction details are not that interesting. The provided video is
helpful and mostly sufficient to explain that prototype.
- Allowing more space for the discussion of the milli-scale prototype.
For instance, how was the micro-fluidic factory fabricated and
constructed? How can the stiction of particles to the factory walls be
handled?

Some of the strongest points of the paper are 
- Fig. 8 where the size of the factory is bounded with respect to the
complexity of the assembly being made.
- Analysis of the required factory space and assembly time in section
IV.

Including some discussion on the following would improve the soundness
of this paper:
- How fast can a tile factory operate? What are the challenges for
increasing speed in milli/micro-scale?
- How is precision controlled in milli/micro-scale? How does the
proposed method compare with the related methods existing in the
literature in terms of cost and precision?
- How does the proposed method overlap with MEMS and how can they
benefit from each other?
- Loading the particles in the hoppers would be a significant part of a
practical micro/milli-scale application. What are the ways to load the
particles and how can that process be accounted for in the system
complexity and overall assembly time analyses?