The paper presents an interesting and rather original approach to
distributed assembly of 2D structures that makes joint use of a single
global control signal and a specifically designed factory whose
geometry enforces the coordinated motion of the modules to assemble at
the right time and sequentially. As the authors mention, this approach
goes in the direction of showing how a predictable assembly outcome
from a single global control signal can be engineered, with interesting
possible applications in the control of large ensembles of particles
and small-scale "robots". The text is overall clearly written. 
The authors however 1) should try to get a better demonstration of the
implementation of their algorithm at microscale, 2) should improve the
presentation of the content, and finally 3) should clear out some
important issues.

In particular:
a) Figure 1 and its caption are hardly appropriate. A generic picture
explaining the algorithm may serve much better, and even (b) should
anyway appear before (a).
b) The motivation of the work is explicitly mentioned in the text only
at the very end of section II. Those last 2 sentences would better
serve in section I.A
c) In section I.A, do the authors explicitly have homogeneous sets of
robots in mind? The symmetry can be alternatively and perhaps as easily
be broken by having a heterogeneous population of robots, each robot
type reaction differently to the same global signal. Please clarify and
specify.
d) In the section on related work, all attention is on the microscale
applications; however, the authors present a (successful) macroscopic
demo of their algorithm as well. They should consider to add a small
section on related macroscopic assembly approaches, citing for instance
the work of Martinoli's group at EPFL on fluidic assembly of
polyominoes (Mermoud et al, ICRA 2012; Mastrangeli et al, ICRA 2014),
also using a single global signal. More generally, component sorting
and palletizing at macroscopic scale is still hugely relevant in
manufacturing, so that an application of the authors' approach in that
sense may be conceived.
e) Until much later, in the text it is not mentioned why one needs
Lemma 1, and in fact why the authors need two species of components.
Indeed, one can in principle assemble all proposed polyominoes with a
single component type (the authors do mention that the condition is
only sufficient), which in fact happens to be the case in the
microscale implementation proposed by the authors. And so, one may be
puzzled to read in section III.C that tiles should not slide past an
opposite species of tile. Please amend and clarify.
f) Section III.B and caption of Fig. 3: the construction
difficulty/impossibility is only referred to the proposed algorithm,
and eventually only to some assembly approaches that cannot access the
third dimension, but this is not explicited. Please amend.
g) In section V.B: should the section not be titled "microscale"?
Second paragraph: how are the alginate microrobots loaded in teh
hoppers? And, how does the return of the permanent magnet to its home
position after each instruction not reverse the effect of the action
itself?
Third paragraph: does "typical movement ... was hindered" actually
imply that typically the process did not work? As mentioned earlier, it
would really help that the authors could show in fig. 11 a result of
the process in (c) that matches the expectation in (a).
h) Several typos are scattered in the text. Starting from page 3,
oftentimes "polyominoes" is replaced by "polynomials" (bad
autocorrection?). On page 4, reference to fig. 9 is wrong (should be
fig. 6). Please check and amend.