- When you say "We assume all tiles move unit distance in unit time."
this may not be a valid assumption in the micro-scale because of the
surface forces and stiction. As also evident from the micro-assembly
video, the typical stiction phenomena of the micro-particles  to the
obstacles is observed and the motion of the particles is jerky. That
is, the particles generally either get stuck or snap across the maximal
distance in almost no time. It may be argued that under a certain
global force field, the time it takes to move a particle a certain
distance is statistically linearly related to the distance.
Alternatively, it may be argued that this time is a function of how
fast the global force can be applied (turned on, changed direction
etc.). The former argument may hold in the case with weaker force
fields whereas the latter may hold in the case with stronger force
fields that overcome stiction more easily. Therefore, the difference
between the cycle time of different shapes in Figure 7 can be
attributed to the former case. Otherwise, the difference would diminish
and cycle time (“the time required during production cycles to advance
all partial assemblies one cycle”) would not be a function of distance
but rather a function of how fast the global force field can be
applied. Even another alternative is as mentioned in IV-B where “Each
input was applied sufficiently long to ensure all alginate microrobots
touched a wall.” which means the cycle time was fixed in this
particular experiment. So, the future work of reducing the assembly
time partly requires investigating what the cycle time is dependent on.
 
- Although the concept of "cycle" was not defined formally, it is
understood that every clockwise command sequence is a cycle. Then, the
time it takes to do that is the cycle time, assuming all tiles move
unit distance in unit time. The definition of cycle time (“the time
required during production cycles to advance all partial assemblies one
cycle") indicates that the cycle time is the sum distance traveled by a
tile in each cycle (which is greater than the distance the sub-assembly
travels). Also, “Maximum Cycle Time” in Figure 7 means that it is the
time taken by the last hopper cycle in an assembly which has the
longest path for a tile. With this understanding, Figure 7 makes sense
as to why the maximum cycle time is a linear function of the number of
tiles in an assembly. Therefore, it would make Figure 7 clearer if the
axes titles were “Cycle Time” versus “Hopper/Tile No” which would
indicate that the next tile had a longer cycle time than the previous
tile.
- In II-A, particle and robot were used interchangeably in the same
sentence. It would be better to stick with one term, at least in a
single sentence.
- You may want to revise this sentence to clarify it: "Different 2D
part geometries are more difficult to construct than others."
- Just an idea: Instead of using delay blocks, MEMS actuators could
potentially be used in Silicon based factories to block the motion of
tiles. Trade-offs might be saving real estate on the wafer by getting
rid of delay blocks in return for creating a more complex
electromechanical design.